feat(diffsl): support protocol dict (#1200)
MichaelClerx/myokit: docs/source/api_formats/diffsl.rst

**Protocol export** generates a *hybrid* ODE model using DiffSL's ``N`` and
``stop`` constructs, see the `DiffSL hybrid ODE documentation <https://martinjrobins.github.io/diffsl/odes.html>`_.

The ``protocol`` argument can be either a single :class:`myokit.Protocol`
for the ``pace`` binding or a ``dict`` mapping binding names to protocols.

> When multiple bindings are provided, Myokit expands them to a shared phase

Reviewer: I don't know what a shared phase timeline is, but makes sense in DiffSL context?

Author: more from the variable names used in the code, I'll try and tidy this up

**Protocol export** generates a *hybrid* ODE model using DiffSL's ``N`` and
``stop`` constructs, see the `DiffSL hybrid ODE documentation <https://martinjrobins.github.io/diffsl/odes.html>`_.

The ``protocol`` argument can be either a single :class:`myokit.Protocol`
for the ``pace`` binding or a ``dict`` mapping binding names to protocols.
Protocol entries for bindings that are not present in the model are ignored.

> When multiple bindings are provided, Myokit expands them to a shared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple bindings are provided, the exporter expands them to a shared
```

because what comes next is all about diffsl, really
